x was taken on television
the channel
until now
if there will be some way the rescue pagés name that has been overcome
tremendously like it or not to know a bit of his history had deposited
prestige plastic
there is a francisco tournament he trusted mexican for whoever wants to see it
all this story
on September 19, 1975
on the occasion of the earthquake in mexico
when he offers cousido
I only had
27 years
CAT
in May the day and he
earthquake counter rocked the city of mexico
owner of the flat of the residence for doctors of the general hospital was lived
Dr. Francisco Muzio was in high school
from there it would fall next to buildings that collapsed
his father and his six brothers quickly arrived at the place to
try to gather manning under the rubble
was the young doctor who is just beginning to specialize in surgery
plastic in
the rescue with 90 hours
hard work hard
since we started we started with picks with sticks a few
I'm on top of the building ten people at two hours of the world
hundreds of people we have working hard day and night
we changed set we could not make during these years of killing
a failure in a social phenomenon
i
and I'm good as we rescued
after its premiere
Pablo with an exciting
on the other hand sensitive
all the people were
respect to the attention what he tried to get it out by third parties very
dangerous smoking was not
press muñoz proposed that it remains of normal course
after which my older brother said flatly said we are not going to take it out
complete I was carried out on the skin
gabriel mancera
just to see it because if you could not touch it you can not
zoom in because everything was
all
fear all
so what
standing at no co-payment these never
ezequiel maderna térmens a goal by tevez
Beijing the fat internet there is a mostoleño choir does not exist
in front of the 68 plastic surgeon leo world habit
but time is running out on the podium
medicine day answer the faith of his mother
after undergoing the most varied surgical interventions the doctor
bucio
returned to recover his disintegrated right hand
but his brain
it made it go beyond what was expected
after years of study and practice
in Syria plan
to the incredible for whom not those of 2010
he has his private practice in tijuana mexico
and successfully carries out the general classification
the European meaning traffic remember
these images
it is a little bit painful for the people who got lost
proposal
for my family and for me because he has been a reason for
of overcoming and being happy to be alive
report
vincent tuohy these days
located 5 meters away
he lost hope in the world
s
a hundred at the beginning also little hope because nobody came to me
rescue i when I thought it would come when I already thought that
I was going to be rescued
they kept going for hours and hours and now she comes from an eternity
four days it became too long copy they do not smoke
basically I was on the fifth floor
and I dropped a hundred percent the four floors above me
the litigation that there are the four trials only five floors below hilti
the chest above
m press the hand on the floor
hope is lost
At first it seemed impossible, it seems an impossible mission in the
missives won without fingers could
p this operation is true
it seems incredible this work that was done
they were placed
two fingers
and has two of the foot
melhem the dance where they perform in nelson 15 operations
one of which includes precisely
is to cover the hand first because I've lost
on the cover of the hands all the escaped four two complete
percent in fact they must work accepted to cover the hand
he is begging for 2 of his unadorned hand there was not something on the skin that
had these got up for we had the abdomen of the English
part and he put his hand under truth and it is said he covered him until he had
own circulation
and I could already take left of the template in half
Covered hands asks proposed toes
after him because I get lost for the first one they can in Mexico I put it
San Francisco
they started the second finger
ddd to dedicate on foot
there is correspondence
in theory you can operate with that hand it's also really difficult now
there will be before was right to ambidextrous soybean I had to do south
and now I am ambitious half of fire operations
with the right in the middle of the I want the most important thing is in this
true
exactly
Dr. Larry Bocyl of Elvis performed another operation in such a way that
was the pruning in Latin safina that is called this movement that they have
ideas have a range of motion completed true branding times is
very good result if I'm going to see it only 20 years ago
out of the pp
Science fiction
today a reality
and cited that for two things first place
you come to give encouragement and hope to many people
because with effort
it seems that everything can be achieved you are a great effort
to recover to be ambidextrous to return to the profession that was
dream of his life
percent science of course like something very important of those who put something
fundamental the spirit the soul thank you for having gone idea by going back until
now
for the people
believe in love we traveled talking about a disease that although you do not create a
disease
Compulsive gamblers expect those who can not have
what they play all
and then with the traveling camera
we go to one of the villages in Romania so if you allow me
Contact our physios